feat: add page descriptions and update titleType (#340)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/progress-indicator/code.mdx

---
title: Progress indicator

> description: Progress indicator is a visual representation of a users progress through a set of steps. They guide the user through a number of steps in order to complete a specified process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A progress indicator is a visual representation of a user's progress through a set of steps. It guides the user through a number of steps in order to complete a specified process.
```
